Web Servers :
1. Installation and Configuration of Web Servers
2. Redirection and Redirect Rules configuration.
3. Proxy Rules and configuration.
4. Multiple Http Instance configurations.
5. SSL certification Installation and configuration using Keytool , OpenSSL etc
6. Virtual Host Configuration ( Name Based and IP Based )
7. Migration of sites from Older version to Upgrades Version of Web Servers.
8. UPgradation of Web Servers to Newer version
9. Patches and Fix packs implementation.
10. Trouble Shooting
11. Performance tuning and fine tuned Parameter
12. Traces / Log files management.

Application Servers :
1. Web Architecture, External Load Balancer Architecture, Smart Proxy Architecture General configuration with HTTP
2. Application Server Architecture
3. What is the difference between different versions of Application Servers.
4. What are the different types of clusters and advantages Clustering : High Availability and Workload Management
5. Load Balancing , Sticky Sessions, Clustered Session Replication , Clustering , Single Sign-On , Clustering with HA-JNDI , Clustering with Stateless Session Beans ,Clustering with Stateful Session
6. Knowledge of any Single Sing On products ( CA Siteminder , OAM )
7. Networking Concepts DNS, Firewall, HW Loadbalancer, Keep Alive, Sticky sessions
8. Monitoring using Tivoli monitoring , Netcool , BMC Patrol , Willy etc.
9. Expertise on Application Server Configurations : Data Source , SIB , JMS , LDAP , Node , Log Management etc.
10. Profile Types , Domain types
11. Trouble shooting : Error type ( 404, 500 etc... ) Garbage Collection , Thread Dump and Heap Dump , Out of Memory Issue , Thread Analyzer and Heap Dump analyzer
12. Apply fixpack and patch management.
13. Security Implementation.
14. Hands on experience on SSL certificate implementation and management (gsk7cmd , keytool , openssl , certutil etc )
15. Migration to newer version of Application Server
16. Upgradation to newer version of Application Server
17. Performance tuning ( JVM Tuning , Web Container Tuning , Connection Pool Tuning , Tuning at OS level , Web Server Tuning )
18. Web Services configuration and Integration.
19. Integration with LDAP / JMS and WebSphere MQ , Web Servers .
20. Strong knowledge on integration with Proxy , Plugin modules with SSL .
21. Knowledge of messaging serves like MQ , Tibco , Tuxedo etc.
22. Strong Unix knowledge
23. Strong Shell Script Knowledge
24. Hands on experience on Jython , Python to perform the administration of Application Server.
25. Incident Management Process, Problem Management Process, Change Management Process
26. Ability to Lead and coordinate Disaster recovery
27. Clear understanding of GC(Generation of young,tenured and Perm), JDBC connection pooling, thread pools, JVM Heap.
28. Analysis of GC ,native logs, java core , coredump
29. Automation and Defect Prevention Plan.
30. Problem Management and RCA.
31. Mentor and leadership skills with good communication.
32. Handle technical escalations and coordination with other teams ( Application team , Platform team , Database team , Network team etc ).
